Theatre database

"Theater for Joy" is a non-profit volunteer theater in the center of Prague, which means that admission is free.


There is a performance in the theater every evening, for which we are mainly interested in its length (in minutes), the start time of the performance and the day of the performance, and we can also record the number of occupied seats. In the individual performances, there will always be a play performed, for which it will be important to know its name. Actors are needed for the performance of individual theater plays, for whom we must first of all know their personal (ID) number set by the theater, and for individual actors, we must record their first and last name and we can also know their social security number. Every theater play must also have its author, whose name and surname will be required. The theater has three halls (1 small, 2 large). Some actors are very picky and will only perform plays written by a certain author. Every performance of the "Theater for Joy" must take place in one of its halls. For individual halls, you will need to know their number and capacity. It is also necessary that both large halls must have a higher capacity than the small hall.

Since the theater is very often and widely visited, we also have to record information about the individual people who attend the individual performances. As already mentioned, the theater is non-profit, so individual actors do not receive a salary. The theater operates only on the principle of a voluntary financial donation, for which, if the person in question has decided to provide a financial donation to the theater, it is necessary to know its amount. Contributing to the theater with a financial donation is not necessary, and at the same time, only individuals can make a financial donation. For people visiting the theater, we will need to know their first and last name and information on whether they have made a financial donation to the theater in the form of a contribution (we only state YES / NO).
